Hello, it's Kim Soo-ji.
Sonic Performance
It's a planning space in two seconds . The little chairs have your books ,
Wireless Mouse
And on the right is a laptop pc
MD can not come over on the left now
24 Izdis indeedoya
20 site monitor 24 Lee Jin Ho Link
Now here's looking at you now Windows 23
Ah
The Intel i7
This guy has a lsat
If the current memory is 16 gb
Actually, I upgraded yesterday .
Oh yeah yeah
Plus, when I'm the son
I got a 256 -ssd from the castle .
Geuraetdeoni deunyo how to eat a lot of great programs
Declare treble
Well there are things that are now animals of the time it's just a fragrance right when
I will throw Minoura down, but I'll take his name.
If you start Windows, it will take about 3 seconds to set unconditionally.
therefore
What does a chair lift light and sons
No heat.
Ah , this is okay, it's not really there,
If you are generalizations like true joteulgeot s3 sseuneunge
High efficiency at low power and speeds up to several times faster than Addys
On his own then this is the Mindman cavalry.